Nia/docs 0.7.0 (#14353)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/nia/configuration.mdx

| `tls_handshake_timeout` | Optional | string | The amount of time to wait to complete the TLS handshake. | `10s`|

### Service registration
CTS automatically registers itself with Consul as a service with a health check, using the [`id`](/docs/nia/configuration#id) configuration as the service ID. CTS deregisters itself with Consul when CTS stops gracefully. If CTS is unable to register with Consul, then it will log the error and continue without exiting.

Service registration requires that the [Consul token](/docs/nia/configuration#consul) has an ACL policy of `service:write` for the CTS service.

| Parameter | Required | Type | Description | Default |
| --------- | -------- | ---- | ----------- | ------- |
| `enabled` | Optional | boolean | Enables CTS to register itself as a service with Consul. When service registration is enabled for a [CTS instance configured for high availability](/docs/nia/usage/run-ha), the instance also registers itself with a new tag using the `cts-cluster:<cluster-name>` format. | `true` |

> | `service_name` | Optional | string | The service name for CTS. We recommended specifying the same name used for [`high_availability.cluster.name`](#high_availability-cluster) value if [CTS is configured for high availability](/docs/nia/usage/run-ha). | `consul-terraform-sync` |

Reviewer: Broken link

```suggestion
| `service_name` | Optional | string | The service name for CTS. We recommended specifying the same name used for [`high_availability.cluster.name`](#high-availability-cluster) value if [CTS is configured for high availability](/docs/nia/usage/run-ha). | `consul-terraform-sync` |
```

| --------- | ---------- | -------- | ------|
| `parent_path` | Defines a parent path in the Consul KV for CTS to store state information. Default is `consul-terraform-sync/`. CTS automatically appends the cluster name to the parent path, so the effective default directory for state information is `consul-terraform-sync/<cluster-name>`. | Optional | String |
| `namespace` | Specifies the namespace to use when storing state in the Consul KV. Default is inferred from the CTS ACL token. The fallback default is `default`. | Optional | String |
| `session_ttl` | Specifies the session time-to-live for leader elections. You must specify a value greater than the `session_ttl_min` configured for Consul. A longer `session_ttl` results in a longer leader election after a failover. Default is `15s`. | Optional | String |

### High availability instance

The `instance` parameter is an object that contains configurations unique to the CTS instance. You specify the following configurations:
- `address`: (Optional) String value that specifies the IP address of the CTS instance to advertise to other instances. This parameter does not have a default value.

## Service

> ~> Deprecated in CTS 0.5.0 and will be removed in a future major release. `service` blocks are used to define the `task` block's `services` fields, which were also deprecated and replaced with [Services Condition](/docs/nia/configuration#services-condition) and [Services Module Input](/docs/nia/configuration#services-module-input). `service` block configuration can be replaced by configuring the equivalent fields of the corresponding Services Condition and Services Module Input. See [0.5.0 release notes](/docs/nia/release-notes/0-5-0#deprecate-service-block) for examples.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** Deprecated in CTS 0.5.0 and will be removed in a future major release. `service` blocks are used to define the `task` block's `services` fields, which were also deprecated and replaced with [Services Condition](/docs/nia/configuration#services-condition) and [Services Module Input](/docs/nia/configuration#services-module-input). `service` block configuration can be replaced by configuring the equivalent fields of the corresponding Services Condition and Services Module Input. Refer to [0.5.0 release notes](/docs/nia/release-notes/0-5-0#deprecate-service-block) for examples.
```

| Timeout | `2s` |
| TLSSkipVerify | `false` |

## High availability

Add a `high_availability` block to your configuration to enable CTS to run in high availability mode. Refer to [Run Consul-Terrform-Sync with High Availability](/docs/nia/usage/run-ha) for additional information. The `high_availability` block contains the following configuration items.

> 

Author: The short answer is yes, but I think we probably need to reconsider how we're documenting the configurations. It's something we've spent a lot of time thinking about over the last few months. The main HA page has an example configuration the readers can easily get to for now.

> 

Reviewer 3: Thanks for the explanation, sounds good

### `high_availability.cluster`

The `cluster` parameter contains configurations for the cluster you want to operate with high availability enabled. You can configure the following options:

> | Parameter | Description| Required | Type  |

Author: Maybe we should do that for the next iteration. I purposely didn't include them because I'm on the fence about the five-column table

| --------- | ---------- | -------- | ------|
| `name` | Specifies the name of the cluster operating with high availability enabled. | Required | String |

> | `storage` | Configures how CTS stores state information. Refer to [State storage and persistence](/docs/nia/architecture#state-storage-and-persistence) for additional information. You can define storage for the `”consul”` resource. Refer to [High availability cluster storage](#high-availability-cluster-storage) for additional information. | Optional | Object |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `storage` | Configures how CTS stores state information. Refer to [State storage and persistence](/docs/nia/architecture#state-storage-and-persistence) for additional information. You can define storage for the `"consul"` resource. Refer to [High availability cluster storage](#high-availability-cluster-storage) for additional information. | Optional | Object |
```

  - If omitted, CTS will generate default values and use configurations from the [`consul` block](#consul) to configure [Consul as the backend](https://www.terraform.io/docs/backends/types/consul.html), which stores Terraform statefiles in the Consul KV. The [ACL token provided for Consul authentication](#consul) is used to read and write to the KV store and requires [Consul KV privileges](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/consul/consul-terraform-sync-secure?utm_source=WEBSITE&utm_medium=WEB_IO&utm_offer=ARTICLE_PAGE&utm_content=DOCS#configure-acl-privileges-for-consul-terraform-sync). The Consul KV path is the base path to store state files for tasks. The full path of each state file will have the task identifier appended to the end of the path, e.g. `consul-terraform-sync/terraform-env:task-name`.
  - The remote enhanced backend is not supported with the Terraform driver to run operations in Terraform Cloud. Use the [Terraform Cloud driver](#terraform-cloud-driver) to integrate CTS with Terraform Cloud for remote workspaces and remote operations.

>   - The `local` backend type is not compatible with CTS instances configured for high availability. If high availability is configured and the Terraform backend type is `local`, CTS logs an error and exits. Refer to [Instance compatibility checks](/docs/nia/architecture#instance-compatibility-checks-high-availability) for additional information.

Reviewer: maybe saying `this is incompatible` is incorrect given the context around other compatibility checks? Compatibility checks have to do with being compatible with the current state of the cluster, a local backend rather is not allowed to be used with HA at all

Maybe something like:
```suggestion
  - The `local` backend type is not supported with CTS instances configured for high availability. If high availability is configured and the Terraform backend type is `local`, CTS logs an error and exits.
```
